Start: June 7, 2023

Day 1: Created a new app, reset all formatting made by React, made a header, reassigned the css for the body, and made a folder structure for easy organization.

Day 2: More components like sidebar and sidebar buttons, but mostly fixing dependencies through bad signal wifi.

Day 4: Added some more dependencies, added css animations for sidebar, added proper sidebar button functionality and page switching. Added inventory saving and loading using localStorage as well as parsing and stringifying. Created other scripts for the default inventory, the default save file, and the inventory handler. 

Day 5: Fixed some bugs on the functionality of saving and loading of objects in localStorage. Fixed functions in regards to loading, saving and cloning saves. Started working on the inventory of the player. Tabs have now a short animation. Added icons for weapons, armors, and food, and added respective UI.

Day 5 part 2: Converted JS to TSX for better functionality, linked session inventory to the player inventory tab, added more on information div, and made inventory level dictate amount of inventory slots the user has. Also design changes.

Day 6: Added more interfaces, added proper inventory slot functionality, added more dictionaries to retrieve information for tasks and stuff.

Day 7: Added backpack UI rendering, removed the background image for slots temporarily, changed hover properties, added interface for tooltips soon.

Day 7 part 2: Added some code for tooltips as well as design, need to fix some bugs before adding tools and item selection.

Day 8: Completed tooltip but have not yet fixed it fully, added a new necklace dictionary, and some properties for items and such fixes. Fixed the coloring of the inventory icons. Tooltip has proper formatting, and displays most of the information (aside from a few I excluded). 

Day 10: Removed the idea of updating the items + item security checks by changing the system of item rendering from the dictionary (from cloning the item straight from dictionary -> referring the item to the dictionary using the ID and giving a single property to the inventory for editing the amount. That way, it has less maintenance and better optimization for the long term). After doing so, I splitted inventorylogic module and sessioninventory module for better management, as well as fixed some code that came along the changes with the splitting of modules and item rendering changes.

Day 15: (Developer is back from family domestic vacation) Laid the foundation for the new section in the inventory for tools, as well as fixed the defaultinventory + inventoryprops by adding more specific prop requirements for each slot (e.g. Fishing Tool needs to be a) an item with ToolProps and b) have taskType be TaskType.Fishing).

Day 16: Implemented the tool row where the players can equip different tools, started working on the slot menu for equipping, deleting and usage (if possible depending on the item). 

Day 22: Added CSS for selected backpack slots, and implemented base UI for the slot menu.

Day 23: Complete slot menu which appears as a UI bottom right instead of being relative to the slot menu. Fixed some bugs in regards to playerinventory.tsx, as well as some optimizations. Added a 'main save' system which is the umbrella object that includes inventory as well as some other features, and added many useful functions.

Day 24: Completed the main save system and made it functional, as well as a lot of bug fixes and optimizations focused on playerinventory. Added a feature to equip armor (for now, no weapon food or tools). Did some design changes in regards to the armor UI. Armor can now be equipped and swapped if the player has already an equipped piece of armor. Added a sorting function that occupies the space in the backpack for organization.

Day 25: Code optimizations on playerInventory, and some design changes as well. Fixed some bugs in regards to equipping, will add deequipping soon enough. Also added a developer map in Notion so that I don't have to remember all the 9999 things I need to note of in order to make the game working lol + for time management (I'll only be tackling around 1-5 features or bugs depending on the time it takes to complete one)

Day 26: Added proper rarity tiers (temporarily 1-5), and added wooden tier items for tools [axe, hoe, pickaxe, crook, basket, fishing rod, smithing kit, cooking kit] as well as stone tier items for tools [axe, hoe, pickaxe, fishing rod, crook, smithing kit, crafting kit]. Change some of the names of the subpages as well.

Day 28: Reedited equipping armors, updated a lot of interfaces for self-referencing mainly and specifications such as armor taking ArmorSlotProps. Also fixed a loading issue that occurs which breaks the inventory of the player as a whole. Successfully added some self referencing parameters (Idk what im totally saying here) and updated resource name in inventory.

Day 29: Fixed bug on inventory UI which caused the player to have all 3 weapon/food slots visible even though their max food or max weapons is below 3. Fixed a game breaking bug that made the player click the wrong slot when equipping/deeequipping armors. Armor pieces can now be freely equipped and removed from equipped armor or backpack slots. Tools are also updated so that they have their own slotProps, meaning they function similar to armors and backpack slots. They will be prioritized first due to the gameplay introducing tools as one of the key elements.

Day 30: Added equipping and deequipping of tools. Added tool-specific granting function (to be used for crafting soon) as well as armor-specific. Added new dictionaries for Shield-type weapons and Sword-type weapons.

Day 31: Added Proficiency - a stat of the player that dictates how much skill the player has under one certain type of task. All tasks are given proficiencies, and all proficiencies have their own values. Removed subtab animations temporarily and starting working on the ItemIndex.

Day 32: Removed itemIndex, replaced it with a information page to display stats of the player. Change the order of the sidebar tabs as well as the default tab to be displayed. Proficiency level can now be viewed upon looking at the Adventurer Tab. Pushed the commit once again to launch update 2. Added the interface for implementing battle stats, which I renamed combat skills. 

Day 33: Added the default combat skill values, binded it to a defaultmainsave for when the player loads. Stat requirements are now possible when equipping armor but not yet weapons. Added the base for a mechanic for item updating. Added a new logo as well, and new description.

Day 34: Added bonusAttributes and statRequirements on tooltips for armor and weapons (statRequirements only). Changed some of the color palette on the tooltip. Updated values for the two weapons I added. Added a mechanic that would autoupdate your items depending on the current version of the game (this is to prevent outdated items being present). Added the foundation of equipping weapons (equipWeaponPiece). Updated inventory props to now include slots for weapons (previously it was just any)

Day 34 part 2: Fixed bugs on inventory interface regarding weapons. Added a new combat skills module which should calculate bonus stats from weapons, armor, etc. Added bonus attributes to weapons (when you equip it). Added grantWeapon and grantResource functions (latter is special since it stacks). Changed the default backpack amount to 30, with each inventory level adding +10 slots

Day 35: Started creating ang debugging equipWeaponPiece again along with fixes in the playerInventory. Eventually finished equipping and removing of items with stat requirements checks (easy weapon swapping is disabled for now due to complications). Finished the item deletion (complete eradication and not partial). Added a new segment for player information for combat skills, and added a new Settings Tab.

Day 36: Proper UI changes on Settings Tab, censored the sidebar tabs for now, updated Adventurer Tab to properly display the stats in combat skills, fixed the bug regarding combat skills not rendering on item equip, added a new item type called "Material" which will basically be products made by the player that can be used in other products (and they actually do feel like materials, i know in the future things like armor and weapons can be used as materials so just got to point that out). Added sorting to inventory and did some changes to the default inventory. Added a few more resources in regards to the Chapter 1 of the story.

Day 36 part 2: Added some code for food such as having unique properties like maxFood and foodSize. Both are related in a way the bigger the food, the less you can carry. Added also a save button in settings for obvious purposes.

Day 37: Equipping and deequipping of food implemented. Added a new granting function specifically for food (Developer notes: It took me 4 rewrites in one day because I couldn't get the logic down, the first 3 attempts had me so confused and the 3rd specifically had my head aching so bad I had to let off steam in the gym). Added a cover screen when loading the website, and changed the default tab state to be -1 (which means by default, no tab will be open immediately). Updated the design of the sidebar as well as header.

Day 38: Started working on workspaces: added a property for the mainsave which equips workspaces, worked on the tooltip rendering as well as the inventory rendering. Added all dictionaries needed for all task types (and some have more than two workspaces). 

Day 39: Added a loot table for certain tasks, decided to take a step back and replan the tasks and actions. Removed a dictionary which was a duplicate of a previous dictionary.

Day 40: Added more configuration on workspace items, added three new pages which are Accumulation, Development and Researching. Added the first design for the Accumulation tasks action which can be found under Accumulation. Eventually modularized the accumulation task design and added a tooltip for workspace in Inventory tab. Player can now switch in between the current accumulation tasks. 

Day 41: Accumulation now can switch in between workspaces as long as you have unlocked it. For that, I added a locationUnlocks property which would be the storage for the unlocked workspaces/locations of the player. The arrow buttons for AccumulationTasks now only appear once you the right locationUnlock permission for the next/previous workspace (meaning, if you didn't have the workspace unlocked, you don't see the button that will take you to the next workspace.)

Day 41 part 2: Added information on the Accumulation Task Information tab (temporarily on Woodchopping for now) as well as the game loop to set for the resource gathering (with the use of useEffect). Developer note: I'm surprised by how useEffect works.

Day 42: Added TaskOverlay, did some component reorganization, lifted some states up, did some random fixes I guess. Went a step back and planned the next few UIs after finishing up Inventory (for now). Added more features for the Task Information panel, such as being able to display the tool, toolpower, workspace, workspace power, and show the full loot table that you can earn per iteration. 

Day 43: Fixed a bug regarding the undefined tools/workspaces (basically unequipped workspaces or tools) which crashed the whole accumulation tab. Complete the task information for accumulation tasks, added a lot of fixes and optimizations, and added some modularization because I was scared of the repetition. Task information now displays the number of resource you have acquired within the loot table. Tasks now disappear if you don't have at least 1 tool power or 1 workspace power (basically, you need the weakest tool and the weakest workspace before you can start doing any tasks). Deployed another production build for the gh pages. XP is now given whenever you are doing a task, and XP is decided depending on the value of the resource (e.g. stone is 2, coal is 2.5, copper is 3.5 etc)

Day 44: Removed loading bar for accumulation tasks temporarily (due to timing desync), fixed the sort button and it now updates dynamically. Made the accumulation tasks functional and gives resource and XP based on the resource obtained. Changed metalcrafting color from copper to light steel gray. Added the development tasks' layout for the user interface. 

Day 45: Buffed the XP for workspaces. Changed tool name for researching from glasses to figurine. Removed a deprecated code in playerinventory. Added some progress for the UI of development tasks, still figuring out some major details especially with crafting modules and display.

Day 46: Redesigned some features for development tasks, added product modules as well as some content for the dictionary containing crafting product modules.

Day 47: Updated item tiers, item xp gains, tool material requirements, updated the names of the stone-tier tools, added all crafting product modules, added a cooking product module.

Day 49: Development pause, as much as I want to continue this project, I need some time to think about what my next stage in life is. Publishing this current production build to github pages. If I need to come back here, then I will, but for now I would like to focus on studies, gym, and creating a part-time business if possible. 