Start: June 7, 2023

Day 1: Created a new app, reset all formatting made by React, made a header, reassigned the css for the body, and made a folder structure for easy organization.

Day 2: More components like sidebar and sidebar buttons, but mostly fixing dependencies through bad signal wifi.

Day 4: Added some more dependencies, added css animations for sidebar, added proper sidebar button functionality and page switching. Added inventory saving and loading using localStorage as well as parsing and stringifying. Created other scripts for the default inventory, the default save file, and the inventory handler. 

Day 5: Fixed some bugs on the functionality of saving and loading of objects in localStorage. Fixed functions in regards to loading, saving and cloning saves. Started working on the inventory of the player. Tabs have now a short animation. Added icons for weapons, armors, and food, and added respective UI.

Day 5 part 2: Converted JS to TSX for better functionality, linked session inventory to the player inventory tab, added more on information div, and made inventory level dictate amount of inventory slots the user has. Also design changes.

Day 6: Added more interfaces, added proper inventory slot functionality, added more dictionaries to retrieve information for tasks and stuff.

Day 7: Added backpack UI rendering, removed the background image for slots temporarily, changed hover properties, added interface for tooltips soon.

Day 7 part 2: Added some code for tooltips as well as design, need to fix some bugs before adding tools and item selection.

Day 8: Completed tooltip but have not yet fixed it fully, added a new necklace dictionary, and some properties for items and such fixes. Fixed the coloring of the inventory icons. Tooltip has proper formatting, and displays most of the information (aside from a few I excluded). 

Day 10: Removed the idea of updating the items + item security checks by changing the system of item rendering from the dictionary (from cloning the item straight from dictionary -> referring the item to the dictionary using the ID and giving a single property to the inventory for editing the amount. That way, it has less maintenance and better optimization for the long term). After doing so, I splitted inventorylogic module and sessioninventory module for better management, as well as fixed some code that came along the changes with the splitting of modules and item rendering changes.

Day 15: (Developer is back from family domestic vacation) Laid the foundation for the new section in the inventory for tools, as well as fixed the defaultinventory + inventoryprops by adding more specific prop requirements for each slot (e.g. Fishing Tool needs to be a) an item with ToolProps and b) have taskType be TaskType.Fishing).

Day 16: Implemented the tool row where the players can equip different tools, started working on the slot menu for equipping, deleting and usage (if possible depending on the item). 

Day 22: Added CSS for selected backpack slots, and implemented base UI for the slot menu.

Day 23: Complete slot menu which appears as a UI bottom right instead of being relative to the slot menu. Fixed some bugs in regards to playerinventory.tsx, as well as some optimizations. Added a 'main save' system which is the umbrella object that includes inventory as well as some other features, and added many useful functions.

Day 24: Completed the main save system and made it functional, as well as a lot of bug fixes and optimizations focused on playerinventory. Added a feature to equip armor (for now, no weapon food or tools). Did some design changes in regards to the armor UI. Armor can now be equipped and swapped if the player has already an equipped piece of armor. Added a sorting function that occupies the space in the backpack for organization.

Day 25: Code optimizations on playerInventory, and some design changes as well. Fixed some bugs in regards to equipping, will add deequipping soon enough. Also added a developer map in Notion so that I don't have to remember all the 9999 things I need to note of in order to make the game working lol + for time management (I'll only be tackling around 1-5 features or bugs depending on the time it takes to complete one)

Day 26: Added proper rarity tiers (temporarily 1-5), and added wooden tier items for tools [axe, hoe, pickaxe, crook, basket, fishing rod, smithing kit, cooking kit] as well as stone tier items for tools [axe, hoe, pickaxe, fishing rod, crook, smithing kit, crafting kit]. Change some of the names of the subpages as well.

Day 28: Reedited equipping armors, updated a lot of interfaces for self-referencing mainly and specifications such as armor taking ArmorSlotProps. Also fixed a loading issue that occurs which breaks the inventory of the player as a whole. Successfully added some self referencing parameters (Idk what im totally saying here) and updated resource name in inventory.

Day 29: Fixed bug on inventory UI which caused the player to have all 3 weapon/food slots visible even though their max food or max weapons is below 3. Fixed a game breaking bug that made the player click the wrong slot when equipping/deeequipping armors. Armor pieces can now be freely equipped and removed from equipped armor or backpack slots. Tools are also updated so that they have their own slotProps, meaning they function similar to armors and backpack slots. They will be prioritized first due to the gameplay introducing tools as one of the key elements.

Day 30: Added equipping and deequipping of tools. Added tool-specific granting function (to be used for crafting soon) as well as armor-specific. Added new dictionaries for Shield-type weapons and Sword-type weapons.

Day 31: Added Proficiency - a stat of the player that dictates how much skill the player has under one certain type of task. All tasks are given proficiencies, and all proficiencies have their own values. Removed subtab animations temporarily and starting working on the ItemIndex.

Day 32: Removed itemIndex, replaced it with a information page to display stats of the player. Change the order of the sidebar tabs as well as the default tab to be displayed. Proficiency level can now be viewed upon looking at the Adventurer Tab. Pushed the commit once again to launch update 2.